Recipe: Taquitos
Ingredients:
Ingredients for salsa:
1 pound Roma tomatoes
1 small onion, cut into 8 wedges  
1 serrano chile  
1 clove garlic  
1 tablespoon extra-virgin olive oil 
Kosher salt

Ingredients for taquitos:
1 cup chopped rotisserie chicken
1 cup (about 4 ounces) shredded Colby Jack 
One 4-ounce jar diced pimientos, drained  
1 teaspoon dried oregano  
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin 
1/2 teaspoon paprika 
1/4 teaspoon chili powder 
Kosher salt 
One 12.6-ounce package small “street-size” corn tortillas (24 tortillas) 
1 cup refried beans 
Butter-flavored nonstick cooking spray  
Sour cream, for serving  
Shredded romaine lettuce, for serving
Directions:
Instructions for salsa:
1. Preheat a 6-quart air fryer to 350 degrees F
Combine the tomatoes, onion, chile, garlic and oil in a large bowl and toss to coat. Transfer to the basket of the air fryer and cook until the skin of the tomatoes and the chile are wrinkled and the onion and garlic are charred, about 10 minutes. Cool slightly. 

When cool enough to handle, peel the skins from the tomatoes and discard. Remove the stem, seeds and skin from the chile and discard. Place the tomatoes, chile, garlic, onion and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a blender. Pulse until smooth. Set aside until ready to serve.  


Instructions for taquitos:
1. Combine the chicken, cheese, pimientos, oregano, cumin, paprika, chili powder and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a large bowl and toss. 

2.Working in batches, quickly run 4 tortillas under running water. Shake off excess water and place in the air fryer basket. Fry until softened and pliable, 15 to 30 seconds. Fill them while they are still warm: Spread 2 teaspoons of refried beans over a tortilla, reserving a bit of bean to dab on the seal. Spread 1 1/2 tablespoons of the chicken filling over the beans. Roll the tortilla over the filling and seal tightly with a little refried bean. Repeat with the remaining tortillas, beans and chicken.  

3.Spray all sides of the taquitos generously with cooking spray. Place in the air fryer basket (work in batches if needed) and fry until golden brown and crispy, about 8 minutes. Serve warm topped with some of the salsa and sour cream and shredded lettuce.
